Add readme with guide for package authors (#3567)
JuliaRegistries/General: README.md

# General registry

> The official registry of general Julia packages. This registry of packages is

Reviewer: This seems awkward "of general Julia packages". I like better the one in the registry description,
> Official general Julia package registry where people can
register any package they want without too much debate about
naming and without enforced standards on documentation or
testing. We nevertheless encourage documentation, testing and
some amount of consideration when choosing package names.

Author: I agree it sounds a bit awkward; it is the tagline of the repo and possibly could be changed there as well. I will update the README.

what connects the `Pkg` standard library (see
<https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/getting-started/>) to the large ecosystem

> of Julia packages, allowing them to be installed and updated easily.

Reviewer: I would maybe describe what a registry is rather than paint it as General being "unique".

Author: I just copied the tagline from the repo, but I'm open to changing the wording here-- any suggestions?

## Guide for package authors

New packages, or a new version of packages, are added the Julia General registry
by pull requests against the
[JuliaRegistries/General](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/pulls)
GitHub repository. This is automated by the
[Registrator.jl](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl) GitHub bot

> and the [web interface](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl).

Reviewer: maybe "or" rather than "and"

It can be helpful to also install
[TagBot](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/TagBot), which automatically tags a
release on your repository after the package or new version of the package is
added to the registry.

The process usually proceeds as follows:

Either:

* Install the Registrator bot on the repository corresponding to the package you
  would like to add or update in the General registry, following the
  instructions at
  [Registrator.jl/README.md](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl). Then file
  an issue on the repository, or make a comment on the commit, with
  "@JuliaRegistrator register". For more information on interacting with the
  Registrator bot, see [Registrator.jl/README.md](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl).
* Go to the [web interface](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/Registrator.jl)
  and follow the instructions linked there to start the registration process.

After either option, a pull request is made against the
[JuliaRegistries/General](https://github.com/JuliaRegistries/General/pulls)
GitHub repository.

Often, that is all one needs to do. New packages are subject to a 3-day waiting

> period for community comment, while new versions of existing packages may be

Reviewer: "feedback" rather than "comment"?

pull request.

### Julia Package naming conventions

The guidelines for naming packages are listed
[here](https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1)
in the package manager's documentation. If a new package's name does not adhere
to those guidelines or could otherwise cause confusion, maintainers of the
General registry or the Julia community might comment on the pull request to ask
that the name be changed, or why the usual conventions were not used in this
case. Additionally, the automerge bot will not merge pull requests corresponding
to new packages whose names do not meet certain requirements. The package can
still be added by manually merging the request, however, and updates to the
package will still be automerged as usual.

If you think that your package should not follow those conventions for some
reason or another, just explain why. Otherwise, it is often a good idea to just
rename the package-- it is more disruptive to do so after it is already
registered, and sticking to the conventions makes it easier for users to
navigate Julia's many varied packages.

> To rename the package from `OldName.jl` to `NewName`.jl,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As long as the package is not yet registered; renamiing the package from `OldName.jl` to `NewName`.jl, is reasonably straght-forward:
```

Just so peole are really clear that these instructions  only apply to unregistered packages

Author: Sounds good, I added this clarification

[here](https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/creating-packages/#Package-naming-guidelines-1)
in the package manager's documentation. If a new package's name does not adhere
to those guidelines or could otherwise cause confusion, maintainers of the
General registry or the Julia community might comment on the pull request to ask
that the name be changed, or why the usual conventions were not used in this
case. Additionally, the automerge bot will not merge pull requests corresponding
to new packages whose names do not meet certain requirements. The package can
still be added by manually merging the request, however, and updates to the
package will still be automerged as usual.

If you think that your package should not follow those conventions for some
reason or another, just explain why. Otherwise, it is often a good idea to just
rename the package-- it is more disruptive to do so after it is already
registered, and sticking to the conventions makes it easier for users to
navigate Julia's many varied packages.

As long as the package is not yet registered, renaming the package from
`OldName.jl` to `NewName`.jl is reasonably straightforward:

> 

Reviewer 3: There's no need for two blank lines here, right?

Author: True! Fixed

# General registry

The official registry of general Julia packages. This registry of packages is what connects the `Pkg` standard library (see <https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/v1/getting-started/>) to the large ecosystem of Julia packages, allowing them to be installed and updated easily.

> Package authors may find the registry's [Guide for package authors](@ref) helpful.

Reviewer 4: Change this to a link to that section?

Reviewer 4: Ah, you beat me to it :D

Author: I just saw that too-- I just deleted that line, because now the section is just below anyway, so I figure a link isn't needed anymore

StaticArrays = "0.10, 0.11"
```

This attests that the package is compatible with both versions of `StaticArrays`

> even though, according to [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), the `0.11`

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the docs explaining julia extension of SemVer instead?

Author: Sure, that makes sense. Do you think this would be the right section? https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/stable/compatibility/#Version-specifier-format-1

Reviewer 2: We need to link to a newer version, so it includes this section abojut leading zeros
https://julialang.github.io/Pkg.jl/dev/compatibility/#Behavior-of-versions-with-leading-zeros-(0.0.x-and-0.x.y)-1

Author: Ok, done
